I have a sword and with the sword I just
oh the slimes are exploding and and
they're doing damage to me look I'm
already at 50% Health let's choose a
level one weapon or one weapon let's go
with the rocket because that's always
fun oh a missile drops a missile to
attack random enemies okay so how often
can I use it I just press one oh no it
just Falls automatically bro I'm already
dead okay let's uh not die this time so
clicking doesn't do anything you just
have to hover over the slimes let's try
the laser gun um he's already going to
okay he already exploded I lost stop
stop dude I swear I bro what am I doing
wrong apparently my right click is an
attack but I just I I did it and nothing
happened okay give me the the porcupine
right stop stop stop it okay so no no
okay we made it through level two we
have a snail or Hourglass how about
adrenaline deals one more slash damage
per missing heart well I only have one
heart left so oh thought we're about to
start how about magma leaves a fire
trail that burns enemies that sounds fun
oh yeah look at all the fire yeah yeah
okay somehow I have two hearts I don't
know how we're going to go with the
lightning chance to release a lightning
bolt that jumps nearby enemies so like
chain lightning oh yeah now we're
actually doing damage magma level two I
think so so now we're going to do a lot
more okay that guy just hit me somehow
probably hacking next we'll go with the
sticky bomb chance to attach a bomb to
an enemy or actually I like ghost look
at this chance for dead enemies to
summon a ghost that attacks other
enemies okay uh stop it I lost okay you
know what I need to like figure out how
to actually be good at this game here
we'll go with the fire chance to inflict
burn dealing damage over time okay get
burned we just need to focus on the ones
that are about to explode uh stop it
stop stop there's a heart give me life
thank you okay so we made it through
wave two that was hard cake recovers all
your hearts well we don't need that Halo
revive with one heart on death onion
reduce Max Health okay we're going to do
that this is going to make the enemies
weaker and I thought we were about to
start let's go with the porcupine I kind
of like that stop stop stop it stop it
stop it okay good oh my gosh all right C
Cactus spawns an orbiting cactus that
deals damage yes look at it spinning
around stop okay we got the B let's go
with the saw blade chance to create a
sawblade dealing damage over time yes
why do they all just attack all at once
at the beginning like that it's really
scary how about a Target chance to deal
triple damage so this will kill them
really quickly kind to like that no and
I lost dude I hate wave six that's where
we lost last time okay come on stop it
stop it just die give me the wave to
which is hard um I do like the saw blade
okay no no no yes look how big that
blade is going across the screen that's
amazing heart potion restores two hearts
when you pick up a heart that's actually
pretty good magnet oh yeah let's do
magnet it's going to pull enemies
towards me and then we have the shren I
like that here come here get get pulled
in yeah oh stop no and okay that was
wave three let's go with the I think I'm
going to go with the cactus once again
cuz I like that spins around does extra
damage how did I get hit there I have
one heart left come on let's not uh lose
please Cactus level two I have two of
them now and I lost dude swear I'm going
to break my hand all right level two I I
just don't know how to get through this
level without taking damage it's a very
serious issue and I lost three hearts on
Wave number two awesome what's the
shield oh it blocks incoming projectiles
I don't care let's go with a clover
Hearts drop more frequently yes a shroom
creates toxic Spore round you dealing
damage to any enemies within range that
sounds good oh yeah we're just going to
poison them oh another heart I saw it
come on drop a heart drop a heart okay
well we got one heart so we're at half
Health let's try ice this time a chance
to freeze enemies I like this sounds
like a good idea okay stop doing damage
I have one heart left dude none of them
are dropping Hearts give me the the saw
blade yeah yeah take that wave number
five sucks oh yeah we got three hearts
on that level and then I want to do
let's do a ghost this should be pretty
fun all right wave six is where I always
lose stop I just picked up a heart I saw
stop go away stupid be all right we made
it through wave six I have three hearts
and then a gift increases the number of
weapon options by one no I don't want
that not yet let's try a Halo so just in
case if I lose we resurrect let's go
with the cactus level one okay die die
die die die oh no so this is wave six
where I always lose but you know what we
just obliterated them awesome all right
magma level two the fire will last
longer yeah get burn get burned oh I
have one Health left stop oh I just
picked up a heart awesome that's a
really good upgrade that the hard drops
all right let's go with ice level two
higher chance to inflict freeze that's
good we want to stun lock as many
monsters as possible stop it get stun
locked oh we just picked up a heart nice
and how did I get hit at the end there
larger area size of toxic Spore I think
so just got much bigger get Frozen drop
a heart quick okay I got some hearts
don't attack me stop stop it oh dude
we're at full health we made it to wave
10 bubble Shield become invincible
briefly every 10 seconds that's actually
really good but this one the alarm clock
deals double damage briefly at the start
of every wave I like that and then let's
go with the magma level three okay so I
do a lot of damage at the game that's a
big slime oh no stop he's so big I froze
him bro bro stop it no don't don't lose
ah oh I got resurrected oh my gosh stop
no kill him kill okay we made it to wave
number 11 I lasted for 2 minutes and 55
seconds that's accurate so guys I
figured out the problem it's actually
I'm just a really big dumb idiot I only
take damage if I touch them while
they're red so it only took me 20
minutes to figure that out so as you can
see as long as I don't touch them when
they turn into a mean tomato I won't
take damage so I just have to be patient
so yeah I'm just a big dumb idiot
developer I take back everything I said
it's my fault I'm sorry it's just I'm
really slow okay now those guys that are
green they actually shoot something at
me so as long as I don't touch their
little balls I'm okay there's a heart
nice oh another heart so as you can see
I'm just a big dumb idiot if I actually
play the game more patiently we'll get
pretty far so I can just hide see he's
got a little ball Stinger flying at me
we just got to dodge their attacks and
then we win easy so yeah like I said
guys I'm just dumb but once I figure out
the mechanics of a game I start to get
really good so there we go wave number
five easy the answer to all problems in
life is patience and there we go wave
six completed took no damage oh this is
actually really good let's get the hard
potion and then let's get a laser gun do
a bunch of damage then we're just going
to hide over here take no Dam oh okay I
got a little greedy um okay let's kill
the ball Stinger kill this guy and all
right you know what okay I'm finally
figuring the game out it's going to be
so easy now just hide over here I'm
going to put up my shield yeah I can't
damage me actually The Shield would be
really good to take out the ball
Stingers cuz it knocks them out like
that there we go oh my gosh okay okay
give me a shooting star please and I'm
just going to hide over here take no
damage okay no oh okay yeah see ow took
damage I'm really dumb yeah see we're
just being patient oh there's a heart
for me it's going to give me uh full
health and there we go wave number nine
completed so now we're going to get a
lot of those Diamond things and we're
going to unlock some really cool weapons
kill all the green idiots there we go
wave 10 completed what are these longer
invinci I'm not taking damage anymore so
shut up but I'll take it whatever o
porcupine level two yes so we got the
mustache slimes oh gosh I wasn't
watching carefully okay just slowly
making it through this level it's all
slime so if I take damage it's just my
fault for being impatient oh look I can
just sit here with the uh the gas and
fart on them and then it kills him look
yeah so I actually never have to touch
them I can just be patient which is uh
if you know anything about me that's
really hard for me to do I'm just not a
patient person there we go and wave 11
complete nice what do we get here ice
level two oh no oh no and watch Shields
up yeah oh I just ran into a stin oh we
got a heart so we're okay Shooting Star
level four I really like the shooting
star I think it's my favorite attack oh
my gosh that's a lot of bullets just
dodge them okay stop we need to kill
these mushrooms immediately let's just
put my shield up there we go okay we
killed the mushrooms I'm stupid die die
die yeah oh no I just took damage again
I'm hurting myself stop there we go no I
just I need to stop all that damage I
took is because I'm dumb all right let's
do cactus level three we have three
cactuses spinning around let's just hide
for a minute oh we got ninjas shooting
ninja stars oh and then they teleport
that's pretty crazy die please die ninja
oh no that's a lot of big Angry Tomatoes
yeah I know their slimes but they look
like a tomato when they when they get
mad see I want to slice them up and put
them in my salad let's get Clover Hearts
drop more often we always like that and
then Star level five so this level's all
slime which means patience is the key
drop a heart please I'm seeing no hearts
even though I got a clover hello guys
come on drop a heart please just one oh
there's a heart I see it I got it and
then I just took damage cuz them stupid
we're should go uh move our way to the
left here yeah die drop a heart please
one of you any of you please and none of
them dropped a heart that was so cringe
Shooting Star level six oh my gosh
that's a lot of enemies we're going to
take him out nice and slow patience is
the key here how's this wave 16 this is
way easier than the last wave and there
we go we got a heart so now we have full
health going into wave 17 let's do
shroom level three oh no it's got the
little UFO laser spawning losers stop
stop uh uh die nice took no damage let's
get another Cactus I just want to get
like 15 cactuses that would be so cool
oh my gosh they got the little chains
look at him and I just lagged in the
corner I don't know if you saw that bro
stop okay oh my gosh no I'm taking so
much damage what's happening I don't
know what what to do okay let's start
here oh someone dropped a heart nice the
little spinning chain ball hurts okay we
just got to take our time here nice
impatient oh there's a heart I'm going
to sneak in and get it ready yeah give
me that full health let's just hit him
with my gas look at that I'm just
hitting him with the spike ball I don't
even have to like hit him with my sword
yeah die adds two Max Hearts oh yeah we
got seven Health Now give me more
shooting stars and I'm just going to
Shield up there block everything oh look
we got these like dragons they're
shooting so much oh that's going to be
okay watch ready get blocked and you die
there we go wave 19 let's max out
shooting star yeah we're just going to
stay away let them rage like they always
do ow I just took damage cuz I'm not
paying attention but there's a heart so
you know what I I don't care if I take
damage I just got full health again this
is a lot of slimes can one of you drop a
heart please come on drop a heart just
one ow okay now I actually oh there's a
heart okay thank you all right one more
heart and then I'm at full health going
into wave 21 which is where we lost last
time and they did not drop a heart all
right let's go with cactus level five so
we have five spinning cactuses let's put
my little Shield there oh no uh Dodge
Dodge yes there's a heart got it another
Shield thank you hey ninja you die okay
they're just teleporting our heart no
the hearts despawn I didn't know that my
gosh okay oh no I'm taking lot Dam oh no
oh no okay die die die die get your
stupid chain ball out of here and there
we did we beat wave 21 oh my gosh he has
six uh orbiting cactuses I'm just going
to hide over by my shield I wish I could
make my shield better or at least last
longer it' be really cool oh there's a
heart I'm just going to sneak in there
thank you die all you big red idiots and
nice wave 22 completed let's go with a
ghost sheet it take longer to attack in
the beginning which is actually pretty
nice allows me to do a bunch of damage
kill all these slime can one of you drop
a heart please I'm at half health I'm
not happy ice level three let's go with
this oh god oh oh god oh oh oh oh
Shields okay that just actually did
really good blocked a bunch even though
I still took damage how do I know my
ability ready oh it's a 3 second cool
down ow no I need heart I actually need
a heart so bad please one of you ow okay
I have one Health left one of you slimes
drop a heart now scammers okay let's
reroll and try to get the cake because
the cake will give us full health okay
come on I'm using all my rerolls look
for a cake hello oh my gosh okay give me
another Cactus yeah yeah I do not want
to die oh my gosh no no please please
drop a heart drop a heart one of you
drop a heart did I die oh I just oh I
like lagged in the corner die die die
die drop a heart drop a heart drop a
heart oh no do not lose the slimes no do
not do not lose the slimes no Hearts
how's there no Hearts man oh no oh I put
a shield over there dude I keep oh heart
I got a heart okay we're back in the
game I keep hitting the edge of the map
and my mouse freezes is the game bugged
like every oh no maybe I should stop
talking and play the game okay now we're
going to kill all these yeah okay so we
have two hearts left let's go with a
shield look at that it's going to block
stuff for me and then let's go with a
another ice the more we can freeze
enemies the better we're actually doing
a lot of freezing this is great die
please and there we go we got four uh
four Health right now wave 27 let's max
out our cactuses we're doing so much
damage now but there's a heart oh oh
yeah we almost have full health on Wave
28 oh there we go we have full health
now I told you folks once I learn the
game I become a master of all right ice
level six uh let's just Shield up for
some reason die stupid ninja patience
patience patience oh no I just took a
bunch of damage ow Shields okay heart
got it almost back to full health this
is a lot of slimes let them attack and
then kill them and move on to wave
number three let's do porcupine level
four here let's Shield up in the middle
let's hope that a heart drop soon
because I only have three lives left it
did not drop let's do what the the Halo
so if I die I can actually revive we're
actually doing really good this run wave
31 there's I see a heart stop hitting
the edge see I hit the edge I start oh
my gosh there's another heart we just
had two drop that's amazing we're
basically at full health porcupine level
six Shield up in the middle and I took
damage I don't know how but these guys
are going to drop a heart ready they did
not let's go with a laser gun level two
oh heart I just got it okay we're
basically at full health Shield block
all the ball Stingers there's a heart
let's get it we're at full health we're
actually owning wave 33 completed laser
gun level three why not ow it's got hit
by the stupid chain die you mustache
slime oh my gosh oh my gosh okay come on
okay okay this is a crazy stop my gosh
that Dragon get's really angry and we we
won let's do a boxing glove deals one
more slash damage for every 10 combo you
have okay and then we'll do ice level
seven just more freezing there's a lot
of things on my screen right now don't
know what's going on okay let's try to
freeze up some of these ow I need a
heart like really badly I need a heart
please please drop a heart no okay no
Hearts that's not fair porcupine level
seven okay Shield up oh there's a heart
in the middle no I need to go get that
heart for the clouds okay got the heart
oh another heart get it yes bam okay
these levels are getting insane actually
just takes a lot of patience we're at
full health we get to wave 36 with a Max
Level ice and full health sounds pretty
awesome to me and we just obliterated
them we go we got a Max porcupine now
we're starting to max out all of our uh
items like this let's take a puffer a
fish in case I take damage and then
laser gun level five or four whatever
okay block get blocked yeah easy get out
of here UFO okay these chain ball guys
are actually so annoying I can't get
just can't get close oh there's a heart
nice yeah die oh no took damage from the
UFO here shroom level three and shield
up block a bunch oh no oh my gosh oh two
hearts so now we're back to full health
already awesome yeah died wave 40 Easy
let's do laser gun level five I think
the laser gun and the the the shroom
thing is the only upgrades we have left
see if we can get maxed out that would
be so cool and there we go the wave
completed yeah see we only have shroom
and laser gun left let's just max out
the laser gun let Shield up in the
middle oh no that's that's a lot of
stuff on my screen but we got double
Hearts dude stop okay I'm actually
taking so much damage okay stop we just
need to ignore the slimes in the
beginning focus on the enemies that
actually shoot stuff at me so this UFO
is like the only one left okay so now we
just focus on the slimes and that's easy
just have to be patient and not run into
them when they're attacking looking like
big mean Tomatoes all right laser uh
laser gun seven ow that is a lot of
things okay so who do I start okay we go
down here another okay ow ow see it's
just these stop stop UFO die you just
die stupid UFO kill them spikes okay the
spike things aren't doing anything and
now we just focus on the blue guy here
come on and he's dead wave 43 complete
all right laser gun is now maxed out so
now all we have left is the shroom but I
have two Health left I'm just getting
owned this is not good just like really
focusing on being patient okay I need a
heart I need a heart I need a heart stop
everyone please everyone have patience
there we go okay it's actually getting
really difficult dude I just clicked off
the screen you stupid game it says it's
full oh we got Halo go it says the
game's full screen mode and then it
clicks me off such a dumb game die die
die give me a heart all of you die okay
do not hit the Slime that would be the
the most pathetic way to go out how are
you alive oh my gosh okay but no one
dropped a heart I need a cake please
cake okay is this where I die no cuz
we're just going to be really patient
and we're not going to lose like losers
ninja Die okay okay just just be nice
and patient okay remember we have
shields so there's no okay I ran into a
stupid chain ball oh my gosh well we
made it to weigh 45
979 diamonds so next time we are going
to play with whatever this is let's
unlock it it's an aquablade slows enemy
projectiles well that sounds fun we
we'll use that next time oh